# Tis-The-Season

In the characters folder is the scripts for the main player, the blue enemies who spawn green enemies, the green enemies, and the SoliderReferences_Script.cs. The SoliderReferences_Script.cs keeps track of how many green enemies are active at any given time per blue enemy. Thus the blue enemies will only spawn and spawn no more than three green enemies at any given time.

In the colliders folder is the scripts for the ColliderCreate_Script and the ColliderDelete_Script which trigger events for the ContinuousTerrrain_Script that deletes a terrain or starts the process for creating a new terrain object. 
In the colliders folder is also the enemy_Fist_Script which acts as the weapons for the green enemies and are attached to both hand_socket bones. The enemy fists will cause damage when colliding with the main player. 
Lastly in the colliders folder are the colliders for the main player and the green and blue enemies. These box colliders will be attached to the characters upper_arm, upper_leg, chest, and head bones. These act as the collision detection for the characters. Since the gingerbread men are so thin, the capsule collider of the character controller fits the characters weirdly. Also, the rigidbody with gravity or without kinematics also has unintended behaviours because of the character models. Thus the characters are kinematic rigidbodies with box colliders that are triggers as to avoid unintended physics events from Unity's physics engine.

In the projectiles folder is the scripts for the weapons, the snowballs and the candy cane javelins. The weapons are non-kinematic rigidbodies without gravity. Gravity for these objects did not give desired results, so I calculated it myself in the scripts instead. 
Also in the projectiles folder is the scripts for the spawn orb object and the object it spawns, the span anim object. The spawn orb is thrown by the blue enemy during its throw animation state. When the spawn orb collides with the terrain it spawn the spawn anim object. The spawn anim object plays a particle effect when it is instantiated. This particle effect lasts 2 seconds, and when it has progressed after some time, the spawn anim will spawn a green enemy.

In the scenery folder is the scripts for the water object, which matches the main player's z position, and the candy cane patch object. The candy cane patch script, when collided with by the player, calls the equip candy function in the main player's script.
Also, in the scenery folder is the scripts for the terrain editor script, the first terrain object, and the continuous terrain script. The terrain editor is the GUI for the first terrain object. In the editor, the values are set in the first terrain object's script. The terrain script holds the values for the first terrain object and the functions that will shape the terrains. The continuous terrain object manages the new terrains and deleting terrains at run time. In the continuous terrain script many of the values used are called from the terrain script to keep things consistent and several functions to manage the process of sculpting new terrains to ensure that there is no dip in the game's frame rate.

In the UI folder is the scripts for the 3rd person camera, the scripts for the HUD (UI_Script), lose screen, and pause screen, and the script for the UI manager, which keeps track of when each screen should be displayed and which ones not be displayed.
